First rework of retryability guide (#4835)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/api/commands/then.md

### Yields [<Icon name="question-circle"/>](/guides/core-concepts/introduction-to-cypress#Subject-Management)

Whatever is returned from the callback function becomes the new subject and will
flow into the next command (with the exception of `undefined` or `null`). If the

> return value is a Promise or other "thenable" (anything with a `.then()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
return value is a Promise or a Chained `.then()` command
```
doesn't it way for any returned cypress command?

Author: That's not actually what the docs are trying to say - it means literally "if the return value is a promise or something like `return { then: () => {}}`."

With that said, I do think it is extremely unclear, and am updating the wording to be more straightforward.

interface), Cypress will wait for it to resolve before continuing forward
through the chain of commands.

> If `undefined` or `null` are returned (or there is no `return`), the result of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `undefined` or `null` are returned (or there is no return value), the result of
```

Author: :+1:

the last Cypress command in the callback function will be yielded as the new
subject instead, and flow into the next command.

If `undefined` or `null` are returned (or there is no `return`) and the callback
does not call any Cypress commands, the subject will not be modified and the
previous subject will carry over to the next command.

`.then()` is a command, and will not be retried. It is **unsafe** to return DOM

> elements from the callback and then use further assertions, queries of commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
elements from the callback and then use further assertions, queries or commands
```

Author: :+1:
